hi guys today I'm going to share with
you a totally natural hair lightness
it's very gentle to the hair the animals
and the planet
so this is one of my favorite natural
hair likeness I like to use throughout
the year I'm sure you've probably seen
those gradual hair Leitner's in the
supermarket or in your hair salon or
it's like a shampoo or conditioner that
you can use two or three times a week
and will gradually lighten the hair this
is doing the exact same thing but it's
just very gentle and totally natural if
you're a subscriber of mine you've
probably seen that once or twice a year
I do use a conventional bleach a vegan
conventional bleach and that just really
lightens and brightens the ends up I
don't pull it all over but then
throughout the year I like to keep my
hair nice and bright and I don't want to
have to go back you know every two or
three weeks to get streaks and
highlights put in I just find that
accessory isn't expensive and quite
damaging to the hair so this is
fantastic to use maybe once or twice a
week just to keep that brightness in the
hair now it doesn't matter if your hair
is black or brown or red or blonde it's
just going to lighten your hair very
subtly and very gradually and something
else that I want to mention is that if
you donít like to bleach your hair if
you want to keep it completely natural
then this is fantastic for you as well
so let's just say that you've got
naturally very dark brown hair but you
just want to have a little bit of a
honey golden Sheen to it then this will
get you there very slowly and gradually
without damaging the hair and it's just
going to have a really beautiful natural
effect so I hope you enjoy it and let's
get on with the recipe so the magic
ingredient in this recipe is honey so
for my vegan friends that don't like to
consume honey rest assure that I have a
couple of amazing hair lightening
recipes for you guys that don't include
any honey and I'll be uploading them
soon so we're going to be using two
tablespoons of honey
now honey produces its own natural
bleach in the form of hydrogen peroxide
and this happens when it hits another
liquid so when you hear of people
applying honey to wounds for its
antibacterial properties that's why
because it's having that reaction
creating its own peroxide when it hits
your blood or the Weeping wound I know
it sounds a little bit gross but that's
Nature's Way of providing us with a
beautiful natural antibacterial
south
next we've got the cinnamon and you can
use cardamon as well and they just act
as a natural booster to the peroxide
and now we're adding one tablespoon of
olive oil
now this acts just like the cinnamon in
being and natural booster to the
peroxide and last but not least we've
got the water distilled is best for this
recipe but look any form of water is
fine for my length of hair I'm using
half a cup if you have shorter hair then
just use a quarter of a cup so this is
probably the only bleach in the world
that I'd recommend having a little sip
of because it's absolutely delicious but
save the rest for your hair and let it
sit for one hour to develop and then
after that hour it is ready to be
applied and massage it from the roots
through to the tips
roll your hair up cover it with a towel
and let it sit for approximately an hour
and then when you're ready to ah
out be sure to give it a really really
good rinse let your hair dry and then
you'll notice a very subtle lightening
effect which is absolutely beautiful and
very low on the damaged scale to your
hair so I hope you enjoyed this video if
you would like to see more DIY recipes
give it a thumbs up and as always be
sure to visit my blog at the beauty plan
com for more health and natural beauty
tips and check out my book unnatural
cellulite reduction while you there
because I do have a lot of DIY recipes
in there for reducing your cellulite and
stretch marks so thanks so much for
joining me guys much love to you and
I'll see you again soon